Add momOS to README (#15)
exitflynn/distrOS: README.md

| TacOS |[गमछा drip](https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561199051568705)
| ThanOS |[गमछा drip](https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561199051568705)
| mayoOS |[exitflynn](https://github.com/exitflynn)|

> | momOS | [giganiga](https://github.com/mudit06mah)| | Momos are small, stuffed dumplings usuallyfilled with vegetables or meat and served with a spicy dipping sauce.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| momOS | [giganiga](https://github.com/mudit06mah)| | Momos are small, stuffed dumplings usually filled with vegetables or meat and served with a spicy dipping sauce.
```

can add some filling here.
